me
The acquisition is a sport corner East of the company date at here today
Albi Rex Cheerleaders Ladies Day Football Tournament or Basketball Venue
It will make you live in Yes
We interviewed the attractiveness of the girls who added flowers to sports
The
Smile you can play
Dynamic dance
Albi Rex Cheerleaders
We enliven various events in the prefecture including sports and events
The team has eight tough auditions
vegetable soup
When practicing a lot there are 4 times a week
Each of the members will set after planting a work order to have the work to others
My motto is to keep smiling even if I am busy
Everybody hold on you from the feelings that say simply one day like love Toka cheerleader is
I think
If you can prepare young girls and become envy from men and you can live up together
We finally thought
It has increased slightly
Newcomer Erika Tanahashi who joined last year
I am from Nagaoka City
It has a distinctive dynamic movement
The Tanahashi's is interested in Cheerleaders two years ago
From seniors who played an active part in Cheerleaders when serving as sightseeing ambassador of Kamo city
I was taught the fun of dancing
Make a smile about people who are looking at people in the performance because of their own dance
Because there was a dream of wanting
I feel like I'm getting really cool, and I also stand on that stage and you're so sparkling
I had been longing to Fu that I want to dance and smile
Mr. Tanahashi, who has been in the team with a long-felt wish, had no experience of dancing until then
The
I can catch up with other members because I can not learn basic movements such as how to extend toes.
I was desperate
I have to stretch my toe when talking from the floor and talking
this
The movement that I had to stretch my toes at the moment I got off the floor was very hard.
The
The day after the football j1 Albirex Niigata game was awaited the next day
The members were not overwhelmed by confirmation of movement
The practice lasted until late at night so that I could breathe perfectly
Hmm
And on the day of the match
Due to the consecutive holidays this day, the audience exceeded 20,000 people
Ah
Abnormal cheerleaders cheer up every game
The opponent is conspiracy Vissel crafts
The game is entangled with wins and losses until the end of the game
Cheerleaders also delivered a thousand yen of fever
Since I have I get a healthy and courage to see the Chiarida
Such kind of people who are looking at me can give enthusiasm and courage
I wanted to be a party leader
Albi Rex Cheerleaders Add Flowers to Niigata's Sports
Deliver smiles and energy
Oh no, there is only a really gorgeous image of nude, but it is actually yours
Because there is an effort, there is a cat that is being implemented here, and the current members are also one more next year
If you don't have much from it, that's it
It's likely, slowing a good boy Te severe Seramachi Mon'
Selected members are then also to the effort there is no Tanahashi's dance of experience as in that element
Some people are
I will audition next month and then I will do sports at the venue for this aluminum reporter
Use
Yes car in the sports corner on Friday